README.md, before:

Download this package [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wxe7gcxc60ja4ug/AAAT-MJrZc2cK_6Z50wc1uCma?dl=0).

# BEFORE YOU USE:

Using these files will replace the following:
- crosshairs
- your autoexec
- ALL of your binds

If you don't want your crosshairs to be replaced, delete crosshairs.spr in \ProHL\valve\sprites\ before running Install.bat

If you don't want your autoexec to be replaced, delete autoexec.cfg in \ProHL\valve\ and add the ```exec prohl.cfg``` line to your existing autoexec

If you don't want to replace your binds completely you should edit the config file to how you want it. However, I highly recommend you use mine because a lot of them are crucial to a fast play-style. (Regardless, you should backup your binds before you use prohl.cfg)

## INSTALLATION:

 __I've organized the files so that all you have to do is dump the files into \steam\steamapps\common\Half-Life\ (except for the shortcut, put that on your desktop)__ All you gotta do is run Install.bat!

Be sure to change your sensitivity and stuff in prohl.cfg the "[Change to Your Liking]" section! Just edit the file with Notepad.

## What can these files do for you?

First and foremost, prohl.cfg will give you binds that are crucial to quick gameplay(like instant weapon swaps and forced unscope binds). It will take some getting used to and some keys will seem out of place, but trust me these binds are very effective. If you make an effort to learn the keys you WILL see improvement.

Secondly, prohl.cfg will also adjust some settings that will increase your framerate and change some settings that only hold you back. 

Probably most importantly, I included rinput.exe and made a .bat file that will run Half-Life with it automatically. Rinput will, in short, make your mouse extremely responsive, which is crucial to playing fast and accurately. Just put the icon included in the base folder onto your desktop and use it to launch Half-Life from now on.

On the side: This package will also give you new crosshairs(ones that stand out more than the orange ones) and some models just for the heck of it. The models may not sound important but they can be used as camo if you use them right.

Commit message:

switched from autoexec.cfg to userconfig.cfg
autoexec.cfg -> userconfig.cfg
this lets prohl.cfg run without being overwritten on launch

also more fixes because im an idiot.

README.md, after:

Download this package [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wxe7gcxc60ja4ug/AAAT-MJrZc2cK_6Z50wc1uCma?dl=1).

# BEFORE YOU USE:

Using these files will replace the following:
- crosshairs
- ~~your autoexec~~
- ALL of your binds

If you don't want your crosshairs to be replaced, delete crosshairs.spr in \ProHL\valve\sprites\ before running Install.bat

If you want to make any changes to my binds, you should add them to the end of userconfig.cfg. However, I highly recommend you use mine because a lot of them are crucial to a fast play-style. (Regardless, you should backup your binds before you use prohl.cfg)

## INSTALLATION:

~~I've organized the files so that all you have to do is dump the files into \steam\steamapps\common\Half-Life\ (except for the shortcut, put that on your desktop)~~ All you gotta do is run Install.bat!

Be sure to change your sensitivity and stuff in prohl.cfg the "[Change to Your Liking]" section! Just edit the file with Notepad.

## What can these files do for you?

First and foremost, prohl.cfg will give you binds that are crucial to quick gameplay(like instant weapon swaps and forced unscope binds). It will take some getting used to and some keys will seem out of place, but trust me these binds are very effective. If you make an effort to learn the keys you WILL see improvement.

Secondly, prohl.cfg will also adjust some settings that will increase your framerate and change some settings that only hold you back. 

Probably most importantly, I included rinput.exe and made a .bat file that will run Half-Life with it automatically. Rinput will, in short, make your mouse extremely responsive, which is crucial to playing fast and accurately. Just put the icon included in the base folder onto your desktop and use it to launch Half-Life from now on.

On the side: This package will also give you new crosshairs(ones that stand out more than the orange ones) and some models just for the heck of it. The models may not sound important but they can be used as camo if you use them right.
